.TH CQL-MIGRATE 1 2014-11-17 ATS cql-migrate - Incremental CQL schema deployment
.SH NAME
cql-migrate \- Incremental CQL schema deployment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B cql-migrate [-f file.cql] [host] [port]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR cql-migrate
performs incremental updates of a Cassandra CQL schema, as long as the schema definition meets some
(somewhat strict) requirements.
It reads a schema definition from standard input (or a file with the
.BR -f
option) and applies the schema modifications in order.
.PP

.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-file\fR file.cql
Read the Cassandra schema from a file rather than standard input.

.TP
.BR host
A node in the Cassandra cluster to connect to. If \fBhost\fR isn't specified then
.BR localhost
will be used.

.TP
.BR port
The TCP port to connect to the Cassandra cluster. If \fBport\fR isn't specified then
.BR 9042
will be used.

.SH DESCRIPTION

.BR cql-migrate
reads a Cassandra CQL script, and splits it up into individual commands.  It
runs each of these in turn against a Cassandra cluster, and ignores errors due
to the schema already containing the object. It is used to automatically apply
incremental schema updates to a Cassandra database.

There are quite strict rules that must be followed when writing the CQL script: see
.BR /usr/share/doc/cql-migrate/schema-migration.html
for more information.
It is important that application developers only make schema changes by adding
statements to the CQL script.
There is a description of these in a format suitable for pasting into the top
of an application's CQL schema creation script at
.BR /usr/share/doc/cql-migrate/schema-update-rules.txt

.\" .SH EXIT STATUS

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cqlsh
